example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/BuildConfig.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.BuildConfig
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/RegisterRequest.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.RegisterRequest
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/DataVector.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.DataVector
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/exportEMGRequest.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.exportEMGRequest
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/BluetoothConnection.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.BluetoothConnection
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/CloudUpload.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.CloudUpload
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.UploadListener
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/SaveData.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.SaveData
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/LoginActivity.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.LoginActivity
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.LoginActivity$1
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.LoginActivity$2
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.LoginActivity$3
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.LoginActivity$3$1
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/MyoCommandList.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.MyoCommandList
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/Util.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.Util
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/ServerCommunicationThread.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ServerCommunicationThread
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/PagerAdapter.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.PagerAdapter
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/SendToUnity.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.SendToUnity
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.SendToUnity$1
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/LoginRequest.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.LoginRequest
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/RegisterActivity.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.RegisterActivity
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.RegisterActivity$1
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.RegisterActivity$1$1
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/Credentials.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.Credentials
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/ListActivity.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ListActivity
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ListActivity$1
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ListActivity$10
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ListActivity$11
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ListActivity$2
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ListActivity$3
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ListActivity$4
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ListActivity$4$1
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ListActivity$5
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ListActivity$6
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ListActivity$7
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ListActivity$8
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ListActivity$9
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/ClientCommunicationThread.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClientCommunicationThread
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/Lambda.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.Lambda
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.Lambda$LTask
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/ObjectIO.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ObjectIO
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/LambdaInterface.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.LambdaInterface
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/WelcomeActivity.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.WelcomeActivity
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.WelcomeActivity$1
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.WelcomeActivity$2
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/MyoGattCallback.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.MyoGattCallback
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.MyoGattCallback$1
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.MyoGattCallback$2
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/FeatureFragment.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.FeatureFragment
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/FeatureCalculator.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.FeatureCalculator
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.FeatureCalculator$1
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.twoDimArray
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/ReceiveFromUnity.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ReceiveFromUnity
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/Plotter.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.Plotter
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.Plotter$1
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.Plotter$2
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.Plotter$3
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.Plotter$4
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.Plotter$5
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.Plotter$6
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.Plotter$7
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/ImuFragment.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ImuFragment
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ImuFragment$1
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ImuFragment$2
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/ClassificationFragment.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$1
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$1$1
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$1$2
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$10
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$11
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$12
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$13
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$13$1
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$14
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$2
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$3
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$4
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$5
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$6
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$7
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$8
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.ClassificationFragment$9
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/MainActivity.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.MainActivity
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.MainActivity$1
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.MainActivity$2
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.MainActivity$TabsAdapter
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.MainActivity$TabsAdapter$TabInfo
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/Classifier.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.Classifier
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/emgConsumer.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.emgConsumer
example/ASPIRE/MyoHMI_Android/EmgFragment.java
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.EmgFragment
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.EmgFragment$1
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.EmgFragment$2
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.EmgFragment$3
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.EmgFragment$4
 example.ASPIRE.MyoHMI_Android.EmgFragment$5
